("The Things We Do for Love")
(soft rock music)
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪
♪ Too many broken hearts
have fallen in the river ♪
♪ Too many lonely souls
have drifted out to sea ♪
♪ You lay your bets and
then you pay the price ♪
♪ The things we do for love,
the things we do for love ♪
♪ Communication is the
problem to the answer ♪
♪ You've got her number and
your hand is on the phone ♪
♪ The weather's turned and
all the lines are down ♪
♪ The things we do for love,
the things we do for love ♪
♪ Like walking in the rain and the snow ♪
♪ When there's nowhere to go ♪
♪ When you're feeling like
a part of you is dying ♪
♪ And you're looking for
the answer in her eyes ♪
♪ You think you're gonna break up ♪
♪ Then she says she wants to make up ♪
♪ Ooh, you make me love you ♪
♪ Ooh, you've got a way ♪
♪ Ooh, you had me crawling up the wall ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
(soft rock music)
♪ Like walking in the rain and the snow ♪
♪ When there's nowhere to go ♪
♪ When you're feeling like
a part of you is dying ♪
♪ And you're looking for
the answer in her eyes ♪
♪ You think you're gonna break up ♪
♪ Then she says she wants to make up ♪
♪ Ooh, you make me love you ♪
♪ Ooh, you've got a way ♪
♪ Ooh, you had me crawling up the wall ♪
♪ A compromise would
surely help the situation ♪
♪ Agree to disagree,
but disagree to part ♪
♪ When after all it's just a compromise ♪
♪ Of the things we do for love,
the things we do for love ♪
♪ The things we do for love,
the things we do for love, oh ♪
the things we do for love ♪